docs: add note about npm logging (#4032)
cdr/code-server: docs/npm.md

2. Navigate into the directory: `cd /usr/local/Cellar/code-server/<version>/libexec/lib/vscode/`
3. Recompile the native modules: `npm rebuild`
4. Restart code-server

### Debugging install issues with npm

> Unfortunately, `yarn` swallows all logs on `yarn global add` so instead you can install with `npm` and see the logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`yarn` suppresses logs when running `yarn global add`, so to debug installation issues, install with `npm` instead:
```

Author: oh noo! I didn't get a chance to add this because I hit "enable auto-merge" - I'll follow up with a PR
